docs: Add reference to YScope Discord server and clean up community server references. (#964)
y-scope/clp: README.md

Reviewer: Let's replicate the edits to this file in docs/src/index.md.

[![Open bug reports](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/y-scope/clp/bug?label=bugs)](https://github.com/y-scope/clp/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Abug)
[![Open feature requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/y-scope/clp/enhancement?label=feature-requests)](https://github.com/y-scope/clp/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Aenhancement)
[![Discord][discord-badge]][yscope-community-discord]

> [![CLP on Zulip](https://img.shields.io/badge/zulip-yscope--clp%20chat-1888FA?logo=zulip)](https://yscope-clp.zulipchat.com/)

Reviewer: * Can we also change the Zulip badge to a reference?
* Can we edit the badge to this? `https://img.shields.io/badge/Zulip-yscope--clp-1888FA?logo=zulip`

Author: Updated.

You can use GitHub issues to [report a bug][bug-report] or [request a feature][feature-req].

> Need help? Join us on [Discord][yscope-community-discord] now to chat directly with our developers
> and other community members!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Community

Need help? Join us on one of our community servers:

[![Discord][discord-badge]][yscope-community-discord]

[![CLP on Zulip][zulip-badge]][yscope-clp-zulip]
```

Author: Manually applied with bullet points.
